# Nextflow project
## Script
The code is in the "skrypt.txt" file, the rest of the files are the outputs.  
The purpose of the created pipeline is to first display the content of the file, then sort the polymorphisms located on chromosome 11 into a new .txt file. In the next stage, from the file with the sorted polymorphisms, another process selects from these polymorphisms those that are in the starting position starts from 1 and is placed in the select.txt file. The next process sorts polymorphisms from the select.txt file and creates a sort.txt file with sorted polymorphisms from chromosome 11 in a position starting from 1. The last process prints the number of lines, which allows us to find out how many expected polymorphisms are in the selected file. However, there was a problem with working on more than one file. With one process, the program worked without any problems for all selected files, but with more processes, unfortunately, the outputs are overwritten, so the resulting files contain information about only one file from the R_norvegicus*.vcf_.txt series.
## Data
The used files are R_norvegicus000020085003.vcf_.txt and R_norvegicus20029952202.vcf_.txt. These are files containing information about polymorphisms on given chromosomes in rats. They include: on which chromosome the polymorphism is located, its position, information about insertions and deletions, quality score, and, among others, genotype, its quality, reading depth and haplotype features, etc. The script uses for example awk to print the desired polymorphisms from the file (from chromosome 11 from position starting with 1) and basic bash commands to show files, sort the results and count lines in the last output.  
## Results
Each process produces some output, which I saved in .txt format. Each output of one process is smoothly transferred to the next process thanks to workflow. The final output contains the number of lines of the penultimate output, which allows us to know the number of polymorphisms located on chromosome 11 at positions starting with 1 in the selected files.
